---
title: Finalizing Your Deployment
configFields:
---

# Finalizing Your Deployment

Permissions are now set for requesting access to ECS clusters! 
Lastly we will need to install the Granted Flask Python App.

## Python Flask Install 

To finalise the setup you will need to install [granted-flask](https://pypi.org/project/granted-flask/)
This app install is a requirement of this provider and will enable the following to occur:
- Restricted access to Flask shell.
- Live and persistent audit logging on commands run in Flask Shell.

### Installing Granted-Flask 
### Adding Granted-Flask 
In your Flask app, you will need to add a dependency for Granted Flask. In your package manager (requirements.txt, pipfile, etc.) add `granted-flask`.
If you want to install a specific version of `granted flask` head to the releases page to find all the releases [releases](https://pypi.org/project/granted-flask/#history)

### Adding environment variables 
Lastly we will want to add the `GRANTED_WEBHOOK_URL` environment variable to the deployment. This can be done in a couple ways.
- Defining the environment variable via task definition 
- Adding the variable to your dockerfile

### Finding your Webhook URL 
To find your webhook URL you will want to head to the directory with your `granted-deployment.yaml` config in it. And run `gconfig status`.
This command will output a table with a bunch of values relating to your deployment. 

Look for the 'Webhook URL' value in the table and copy that into the `GRANTED_WEBHOOK_URL` variable.

### Testing your provider

Once you have updated your Flask deployment with the correct webhook URL you can test your connection with the `test` command
Run the following to test your configuration is correctly setup:
```
aws ecs execute-command --cluster {CLUSTER_ARN} --task {TASK_ID} --container DefaultContainer --interactive --command 'flask test'
```

Or go ahead and create an access rule and request access to the task!